FEA Add Nonnegative LinearRegression (#17578)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/linear_model.rst

   * :ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_linear_model_plot_ols.py`

> .. _non_negative_least_square:

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
.. _non_negative_least_squares:
```

Though is this ref used anywhere?

Author: Indeed, this is not used. Should I remove it?

Reviewer: yes, thanks

Non-Negative Least Squares
--------------------------

When the coefficients represent some physical or naturally non-negative

> quantities (e.g., frequency counts or prices of goods), it should be possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quantities (e.g., frequency counts or prices of goods), it is possible
```

> to constrain all the coefficients to be non-negative.

Reviewer: One may want positive coeffs even when they don't represent some physical quantity so I think the structure should be reversed, e.g.:

> It is possible to constrain all the coefficients to be non-negative, which may be useful when they represent some physical or naturally non-negative
quantities (e.g., frequency counts or prices of goods).

> The :class:`LinearRegression` accepts a boolean ``positive``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`LinearRegression` accepts a boolean ``positive``
```

Or "The LinearRegression estimator"

> The :class:`LinearRegression` ``fit`` method accepts a boolean ``positive``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`LinearRegression` accepts a boolean ``positive``
```
